h1. Joogatunnit.info

This project parses yoga class schedules of Finnish yoga studios and makes them available "here":http://joogatunnit.net.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com. The purpose of this project is to try out
* modern JavaScript MVC tools (Ember.js and Handlebars.js)
* mobile support with the same HTML and CSS
* hash-based navigation on a single-page application
** thanks to cowboy's "jquery-hashchange":https://github.com/cowboy/jquery-hashchange plugin

The resulting application might even turn out to be helpful to Finnish yogis.

h2. Mobile support

The application is designed to look good on both mobile and desktop browsers. Try it out yourself! Your mobile device lays out the content nicely on a single column thanks to "Skeleton":http://www.getskeleton.com/, a responsive CSS templating framework.

In addition, the application hides the past yoga classes for mobile browsers, while it shows them as dimmed for desktop browsers. When you try this out, make sure its not Monday!

What we got here is a rich web application that inherently supports different screen sizes and provides fine-tuned experience for mobile users.

h2. Running the application

Before running the application, generate the JSON file by invoking @rake json_all_schools@. This parses the yoga class descriptions from the schools' web pages. After this start Jekyll with @jekyll --server@ in the 'jekyll' directory. This launches "Jekyll, the static site generator":https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll. Now the application is available at "http://localhost:4000":http://localhost:4000.

h2. Running tests

You can run the "Cucumber":http://cukes.info/ acceptance tests by invoking @cucumber features/*.feature@ in the project root.

h2. Appendix

h3. Ember.js articles
* "Warming up to Ember.js":http://www.cerebris.com/blog/2012/01/20/warming-up-to-ember-js
